Hey Guys, Welcome Back To Explainer X
In Today's Video. I Am Going To Recaped
Movie Name Sleeping Beauty This Is Amazing
Romance Thriller Movie So Know The Story Of
This Movie In Today's Explanation, So
Without Wasting Any Time, Let's Begin.
At The Beginning Of The Movie. A Girl Is Shown
Whose Name Is Lucy. And She Goes To The Doctor.
And The Doctor Does Some Experiments With Her.
After Experimenting, he Gives Money To Lucy.
Lucy Is A Student And Due To Lack Of Money, She
Does Different Jobs In Different Places. After
Lucy College Is Over, She Goes To The Café Where
Lucy Does The Cleaning Work. The Next Day, Lucy
Was Sitting In The Bar Where Her Friend Comes And
Asks Her To Take Drugs. Both Then Take Drugs. Then
The Girl Takes Lucy To The Two Men. One Of The
Boys Asks Who Would You Like To Be Intimate With,
Says Lucy. Decide By Tossing The Coin And Then
The Coin Is Tossed, And Then An Old Man Wins,
And He Leaves From There With Lucy. Then The Next
Day Lucy Goes Inside A House Where There Was A
Girl And A Man. The Man Asks Her When Will You
Pay The Rent, Then She Takes Out Some Money And
Hands Her Over. Then The Man Says This Time It Is
Your Turn To Clean The Bathroom. Then Lucy Cleans
The Bathroom And Then Goes To Sleep. Then The Next
Day Lucy Is Shown In The Office Where She Is Doing
Paper Printing Work. Then Her Mother's Phone
Comes On The Company's Phone, Which Asks For Some
Information About Lucy's Atm, Then Lucy Goes To
Her Boyfriend's House Whose Name Is Birdmann, Then
Lucy Gives Her Something To Eat And Then Both Of
Them Interact With Each Other. I Do A Few Things
And That's When We Learn That Birdmann Is Sick.
Then The Next Day Lucy Sees Ads In The Newspaper
And Then Calls For A Job In The Company And The
Company Asks Lucy About Her Figure And Asks Her To
Come To The Company. Lucy Goes To That Company. In
The Company He Meets A Woman Whose Name Is Clara.
Clara Tells Him That You Have To Go Half Nude In A
Job Privite Party And Do Waitress Work With Girls
And The One Who Works Well Will Get A Promotion.
And For This Work You Will Get $250 Per Hour.
Clara Tells Him That You Should Not Be Intimate
With Anyone Else Your Vagina Will Get Spoiled.
Then Clara Tells Him To Stand Up And Asks Him To
Take Off His Clothes. Lucy Does The Same And Takes
Off Her Clothes. Then Clara Makes A Phone Call And
Calls A Man Named Thomas Inside, Then Both Thomas
And Clara Together Check Lucy's Body And Figure.
Then Clara Asks To Wear That Clothes. Then Clara
Asks Lucy. If You Have An Allergy, Lucy Tells Him.
He Has No Allergy And Then Clara Asks Him About
Smoking And Drugs Then Lucy Tells Him That I Do
Not Smoke And Take Drugs Then Clara Tells Him If
Our Doctor Will Test Your Blood, Then Lucy Becomes
Ready For This Too. Then She Tells Him That You
Called From Telephone Booth Do You Not Have Your
Phone Then Lucy Replies That I Have No Phone And
Then Clara Asks Her If You Know Anything About
Silver Service Then Lucy Says That's A Little
Know. Then She Says That You Are Very Talented
And Very Beautiful And Clara Tells Lucy On The
Way That We Will Call You Back, Lucy Says Ok And
Leaves From There. Then The Next Day The Entire
Body Of Lucy Is Waxed. After This, Lucy Comes
Back To Birdmann's House And Both Have A Drink.
And Lucy Makes A Practice Of Doing Drink Staff,
Lucy Comes Out Of The House At Night. The Driver
Waits For Him Outside The House. Then Lucy Sits In
That Car And They Reach There Lucy's First Night
Of Job Because Her Job Sirf Was One Night Driver
Drops Lucy At A House Where Lucy Finds Girl Named
Sofia. Who Tells Her That You Have To Do Some Work
With Me And Do The Dressing Before That. Then She
Goes To The Dressing Room Where She Is Made Half
Nude. After Doing Makeup And Dressing, She Takes
Lucy To All The Girls. From There, She Takes Lucy
To The Dining Table. Where Some Old People Come
And Then Lucy Drinks Them. And Then Some Old
Men Sit With The Girls. After The Party, Sofia
Gives Money To Lucy And Says That That's All You
Needed For Tonight. Then Lucy Goes To Her House
And Burns A Note From The Money She Got. Then The
Next Night Lucy Has A Caste At The Same House. She
Tells Sofia Lucy Not To Worry. Gradually This Task
Will Become Easier. Lucy Tells Her That Sofia Gets
Angry After Hearing This Since How Long Have You
Been Working Here Then Lucy Says Sorry To Sofia.
After The Work Is Over, Lucy Goes To The Bar Where
A Man Comes And Starts Talking To Her. That Lucy
Tells Her That I Want To Show You Something. Then
She Shows Him Inside Her Own Clothes And Asks Him
To Get Intimate Then The Next Morning Lucy Goes To
Birdmann's House And Asks Birdmann Will You Marry
Me Birdmann Says Yes The Next Morning Lucy Is In
College When Thomas Calls Her And Talks About Some
Extra Work. Lucy Gets Ready. Goes To Clara's House
With The Driver. Clara Asks Her To Freshen Up And
Then Clara Gives Her Tea To Drink In Which Clara
Had Mixed Sedation, After Which She Falls Asleep.
Comes With An Old Man Clara Tells The Old Man You
Can't Be Intimate With It. The Old Man Says Ok And
Clara Leaves From There Then The Old Man Takes Off
His Clothes And Goes To Lucy. Looks At His Body.
And Then He Falls Asleep Holding Her. After This,
The Next Day The Driver Goes To Drop Lucy At Home.
Lucy's Job Here Was That She Had To Faint And
The Men Would Sleep With Her And See Her And No
One Would Be Intimate With Her Because Clara
Had Already Made An Agreement With Everyone.
After This The Next Day Lucy Goes To Spend A Night
In A 5 Star Hotel. And Spends All Her Money. The
Next Day Pepar Goes To The Printing Company And
Sleeps There, Then The Manager Of That Company
Comes And Sees Her Sleeping But Does Not Say
Anything To Lucy. After Some Time Lucy Calls
Thomas And Tells Him To Tell Him If There Is
Any Work For Him And Then She Goes Back To
The Doctor. The Doctor Experiments With Him. Just
Then Thomas Gets A Call From Him And Lucy Goes To
Clara. A New Customer Arrives And He Also Sleeps
With Her And Then The Next Day The Driver Drops
Lucy To Her House. Lucy Has No Idea What Happens
To Her Because What Happens To Her She Faints
And Wakes Up In The Morning And Doesn't Remember
Anything The Next Day Lucy Is In College,
She Gets A Call From Birdmann. So She Comes From
College To Birdmann's House. Lucy Sees Birdmann
Was Lying Ill. Birdmann Tells Her To Sleep With
Me, And Lucy Goes To Sleep With Her. The Next Day,
Lucy Has A Drink With A Man. Lucy Asks Him Will
You Marry Me, Then He Tells Him. No Because I
Am Already Married After This The Next Day Lucy
Is Again Unconscious In Clara's House And There
Another Old Man Comes Again And Sleeps With Her,
Then The Next Day Lucy Is Fired From The Pear
Printing Job Are Given. After That, Lucy Goes
To The Shop And Buys A Small Camera From There.
After This She Is Doing Her Bar Cleaning Work When
A Man Comes And Starts Talking, And He Gives A
Drug To Lucy And Then Lucy Eats It. Then Both Take
A Bath In The Swimming Pool And Are Intimate With
Each Other, And The Next Day The Driver Comes To
Clara's House With Lucy. Clara Asks Him If You Are
Fine Then Lucy Says Yes I Am Fine Lucy Then
Says I Want To Know What Happens To Me When I
Faint, But Clara Refuses To Tell Her And Says It's
Against Our Rule And Clara Gives Her Sedation,
So She Doesn't Take Pure And Then Goes To Her Room
Without Clothes And Lie Down. And When There Is
No One In The Room She Takes Her Camera Out Of
Her Mouth And Puts It In The Corner Of The Room
And When The Old Man Comes In The Room Clara Gives
Him Enough But When Clara Leaves The Man He Takes
Off His Clothes And Falls Asleep With Him. The
Next Morning, Clara Shows That The Old Man Is Dead
And Clara Gets Scared. And Tries To Bring Lucy
To Her Senses. And Lucy Regains Consciousness And
Sees That Old Man Lying Dead By Her Side And Lucy
Starts Crying. Lastly We Show Us The Recording Of
The Camera In Which Both Lucy And That Old Man
Are Sleeping And Here The Movie Ends. It Becomes